Knots (very physical, teamwork)
     This is a storytelling game that's better in small groups (between 5 and 20), so divide your group as needed.  Everyone in a group should stand in a circle facing inward.  Have everyone reach out and hold the hand of two different people in the circle.  Now the group is a circle tied up in knots!  Their goal is to climb, stretch, and twist until the new circle is untangled.  Nobody may stop holding hands until the task is done.  This is always possible, though it sometimes turns out that two or more separate circles have formed.

Sardines
     One person in your group gets a 1-minute headstart to find a hiding place nearby.  After one minute has elapsed, everyone else sets out separately to find the person.  If anyone finds the person, they must ALSO hide in the same place.  Eventually there are a large number of people crammed into a hiding space.

Massive Sumo
     Define an area with clear boundaries.  Remove all obstacles from the area.  All players start standing on the boundary line with their hands at their sides.  When the game starts, every player attempts to push every other player out of the area.  Players must keep their hands at their sides at all times.  Continue until only one person is left in the area.

Human Alphabet
     Choose one person to be a judge and give them an elevated place to stand (stage, chair, tree, etc.).  Divide the rest of your group into equal teams.  The judge calls out a random letter.  Teams must form that letter out of their bodies.  Everyone on the team must be involved.  They may lay on the floor, stand in the proper shape, or even form the letter in three dimensions using their bodies.  The first team that forms a shape the judge recognizes as the proper letter gets a point.

Super Eyes
     Everyone in your group should stand in a circle facing inward.  Everyone closes their eyes.  At the count of three, everyone looks up at one other person in the circle.  If anyone makes eye contact (i.e. they are looking at someone who is looking back at them) then both players scream and are out of the circle.  Continue until there are one or two people left.

Grab That Thing
     The game leader does not play in this game.  Divide the group into two teams.  Teams stand apart from each other.  Each team sends up one representative.  The game leader calls out an object that is likely to be in the physical possession of at least one person in the group.  The representatives run back to their team, get that object, then return it to the game leader.  Players may not leave to get an object not already in their possession.  The first team to succeed gets a point.  Return the object to its owner and continue play.
Examples of common objects: a nickel, a piece of paper, a pen, an identification card, a shoe.

Fortunately/Unfortunately
     This is a storytelling game that's better in small groups (less than 10), so divide your group as needed.  Players in a group stand in a circle facing inward.  The first person begins a story with one sentence on a topic of their choosing.  The next player elaborates on the story with one sentence that begins with "Fortunately...".  The next player elaborates on the story with one sentence that begins with "Unfortunately...".  Continue alternating fortunate and unfortunate sentences until the story is done (it's usually pretty obvious), players run out of ideas, or want to talk about a different topic.
